{\rtf1 \ansi {\fonttbl {\f0 \fnil Times New Roman;}}{\colortbl \red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list \listtemplateid19718 {\listlevel \levelnfc23 \leveljc0 \levelfollow0 \levelstartat1 \levelindent0 {\leveltext \levelnfc23 \leveltemplateid19895 \'01\u8226  ?;}\f0 \fi-360 \li720 \jclisttab \tx720 }\listid18716 }}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride \listid18716 \listoverridecount0 \ls1 }}
\deftab720 \pard \qc \tx720 \sa300 \plain \f0 \fs44 \ul \cf0 Led 3.0\plain \f0 \fs24 \cf1 \par \pard \fi720 \li720 \sa240 This is the Led 3.0 class library source distribution.\par \pard \fi720 \li720 \sa240 This distribution
 comes in Mac, Windows, and UNIX formats. Which one you have is of little conseq
uence, except that it decides the line-termination of the text files you'll be v
iewing, and the format of the compressed archives (.sit vs., .zip vs. .tar.gz).\par \pard \fi720 \li720 \sa240 
It also comes in Mac, Windows, or XWindows \ldblquote Targets\rdblquote . By Target, we mean whether
 you are licensed to use Led for that particular platform (and some support file
s maybe missing if you\lquote ve not purchased a particular target platform). Generally
, the format and Target agree, but its common to also pick multiple Targets (say
 Mac and Windows). Yet you can pick only one format.\par \pard \fi720 \li720 \sa240 The license agreement you a
re bound by in using this version of Led can be found in the \ldblquote Licenses\rdblquote  folder.\par \pard \fi720 \li720 \sa240 
The documentation for the currently released Led class library is available onli
ne, via the Internet at \plain \f0 \fs24 \cf2 http://www.sophists.com/Led/ClassLibDocs/\plain \f0 \fs24 \cf1 . And it is ava
ilable locally in the folder "Docs&Notes".\par \pard \fi720 \li720 \sa240 In particular, in this "Docs&Notes" f
older you will find\par \pard \tx2160 \fi-360 \li2160 \ri720 \sa200 {\listtext \'b7\tab }\ls1 \ilvl2 LedBugs -\tab a list of all currently open bugs/feature requests
, sorted by priority (by this I mean ones I'm likely to address sooner are neare
r the top).\par \pard \tx2160 \fi-360 \li2160 \ri720 \sa200 {\listtext \'b7\tab }\ls1 \ilvl2 ChangeLog -\tab A list of all resolved/closed bugs (in reverse chronolog
ical order by close date)\par \pard \tx2160 \fi-360 \li2160 \ri720 \sa200 {\listtext \'b7\tab }\ls1 \ilvl2 ClassLibDocs -\tab A folder containing full documentation 
for Led in html format. This is the same documentation that is available on the 
web at \plain \f0 \fs24 \cf2 http://www.sophists.com/Led/ClassLibDocs/\plain \f0 \fs24 \cf1 .\par \pard \tx2160 \fi-360 \li2160 \ri720 \sa200 {\listtext \'b7\tab }\ls1 \ilvl2 LedItDocs -\tab A folder containin
g full documentation source for the LedIt!, and LedLineIt! demo applications (I 
say source because there is one common doc source, which is run through CPP to t
arget particular OSes, and applications).\par \pard \fi720 \li720 \sa240 The actual Led library sources are fou
nd in the \ldblquote Led\rdblquote  folder.\par \pard \fi720 \li720 \sa240 The "AuxiliaryPackages" folder contains various headers 
and libraries available elsewhere, and which aren't really part of Led, but are 
needed to build some of the Led sample applications.\par \pard \fi720 \li720 \sa240 Then, there are a bunch of 
sample applications and components:\par \pard \tx2160 \fi-360 \li2160 \ri720 {\listtext \'b7\tab }\ls1 \ilvl2 ActiveLedIt! - is an ActiveX control built u
sing the Led C++ text engine.\par \pard \fi-720 \li2160 \ri720 \sa200 \tab \plain \f0 \fs20 \cf0 [Purchased separately. Requires WIN target]\plain \f0 \fs24 \cf1 \par \pard \tx2160 \fi-360 \li2160 \ri720 {\listtext \'b7\tab }\ls1 \ilvl2 Borla
ndCPPBuilderTest - is a Borland C++ Builder sample test application\par \pard \fi-720 \li2160 \ri720 \sa200 \tab \plain \f0 \fs20 \cf0 [Only avail
able if WIN target purchased]\plain \f0 \fs24 \cf1 \par \pard \tx2160 \fi-360 \li2160 \ri720 {\listtext \'b7\tab }\ls1 \ilvl2 LedIt - is a sample word processor application. It
 contains code targeting MacOS (using PowerPlant), Windows (using MFC), and X-Wi
ndows/Linux (using Gtk).\par \pard \ri720 \par \pard \tx2160 \fi-360 \li2160 \ri720 {\listtext \'b7\tab }\ls1 \ilvl2 LedLineItMFC - is an MFC sample text editor applicatio
n\par \pard \fi-720 \li2160 \ri720 \sa200 \tab \plain \f0 \fs20 \cf0 [Only available if WIN target purchased]\plain \f0 \fs24 \cf1 \par \pard \tx2160 \fi-360 \li2160 \ri720 {\listtext \'b7\tab }\ls1 \ilvl2 LedLineItPP - is an PowerPlant sampl
e text editor application (if Macintosh Target purchased) \par \pard \fi-720 \li2160 \ri720 \sa200 \tab \plain \f0 \fs20 \cf0 [Only available if M
acOS target purchased]\plain \f0 \fs24 \cf1 \par \pard \tx2160 \fi-360 \li2160 \ri720 {\listtext \'b7\tab }\ls1 \ilvl2 LedTestWin32 - is a simple test application, showing how 
to use Led with the Win32 API (and no other particular class library)\par \pard \fi-720 \li2160 \ri720 \sa200 \tab \plain \f0 \fs20 \cf0 [Only ava
ilable if WIN target purchased]\plain \f0 \fs24 \cf1 \par \pard \tx2160 \fi-360 \li2160 \ri720 {\listtext \'b7\tab }\ls1 \ilvl2 LedTestXWindows - is simple test program using L
ed, and the X-Windows (Linux) system.\par \pard \fi-720 \li2160 \ri720 \sa200 \tab \plain \f0 \fs20 \cf0 [Only available if XWindows target purcha
sed]\plain \f0 \fs24 \cf1 \par \pard \tx2160 \fi-360 \li2160 \ri720 {\listtext \'b7\tab }\ls1 \ilvl2 NetLedIt! - is a Netscape plugin built using the Led C++ text engine. \par \pard \fi-720 \li2160 \ri720 \sa200 \tab \plain \f0 \fs20 \cf0 [Pu
rchased separately. Requires WIN or MacOS target]\plain \f0 \fs24 \cf1 \par \pard \tx2160 \fi-360 \li2160 \ri720 \sa200 {\listtext \'b7\tab }\ls1 \ilvl2 For more information about Led
, check out \plain \f0 \fs24 \cf2 http://www.sophists.com/Led/\plain \f0 \fs24 \cf1 .\par \pard \fi720 \li720 \sa240 For more information about Sophist Sol
utions, Inc., check out \plain \f0 \fs24 \cf2 http://www.sophists.com/\plain \f0 \fs24 \cf1 , send email to\plain \f0 \fs24 \cf2  info@sophists.co
m\plain \f0 \fs24 \cf1 , or call (978)-443-4442.}