{\rtf1\ansi {\fonttbl {\f0\fswiss Geneva;}}\plain\f0\fs48\b LedIt! OpenDoc Part Editor 2.1\par \plain\f0\fs20 \'a9Sophist Solutions, Inc., 1994-1997\par \par \plain\f0\fs24\b About LedIt!
 OpenDoc Editor:\par \plain\f0\fs20 \tab LedIt! OpenDoc Editor is a text editor OpenDoc part editor, bu
ilt using the Led text editor builder class library.\par \par \tab LedIt! supports editing v
ery large documents (several megabytes), word wrapping, drag and drop,  style ru
ns,  and OpenDoc object embedding.\par \par \plain\f0\fs24\b WARNING:\par \plain\f0\fs20 \tab This LedIt! OpenDoc part was writt
en directly to the OpenDoc 1.0 API, and that has proved a poor approach if you w
ant support for embedding.\par \par \tab As a result, OpenDoc support for LedIt! is only mar
ginally supported.\par \par \tab Now that OpenDoc has been officially declared dead by Apple
, there is no real hope of any future OpenDoc work on my part (get the pun?).\par \par \plain\f0\fs30\i \tab 
This code is provided only as an \plain\f0\fs30\i\ul unsupported\plain\f0\fs30\i  example.\par \plain\f0\fs20 \par \plain\f0\fs24\b About Led Text Editor Cla
ss Library:\par \plain\f0\fs20 \tab Led is a cross-platform C++-based class library, designed to facili
tate the writing of a host of different text-editing/word-processing related app
lications. Led supports both Windows and the Mac. It has a cross-platform portab
le API, so that you can use it to easily write cross-platform applications using
 just one API for your text editing code. Also, it supports interface-layer clas
ses making it fit seemlessly into popular class libraries on those platforms (fo
r example Microsoft Foundation Classes (MFC), Think Class Library (TCL), and Pow
erPlant). Led also has a very flexible, object-oriented, modular API, allowing y
ou to easily customize draw behavior for special display needs.\par \par \tab Since OpenDoc 
does not yet exist for Windows, Led supports Windows/OLE2 directly (using MFC).\par 
\par \plain\f0\fs24\b How to install LedIt! OpenDoc Editor:\par \plain\f0\fs20 \tab This distribution package contains\par \tab \tab \'95  
    LedIt! OpenDoc Editor (LedIt! 2.1)\par \tab \tab \'95      These release notes (LedIt! Open
Doc 2.1 ReadMe)\par \tab \tab \'95      A LedIt!  OpenDoc stationary file (Start LedIt! 2.1)\par \tab \par 
\tab This part can be installed just like any other OpenDoc part. Simply put the par
t editor icon into your editors folder (either the one at top level of any disk,
 or the one in your System Folder). \par \par \plain\f0\fs24\b How to use LedPart:\par \plain\f0\fs20 \tab Using this part shoul
d be easy if you've ever used OpenDoc. But in case you haven't, you  need a LedP
art stationary file to get started. You can either open that stationary file fro
m the finder, or you can drop a stationary into an already running OpenDoc part 
which supports embedding.\par \par \tab A Led stationary is provided with this release packa
ge. But one can also be manufactured by dropping the Led part editor onto the 'O
penDoc\'99' icon in your ':Extentions:OpenDoc Libraries:' folder.\par \par \tab There is nothin
g special you need to know that is LedPart-specific about running the LedPart.\par \par 
\plain\f0\fs24\b Known Limitations/Bugs:\par \plain\f0\fs20 \tab \'95   Embedding of other parts into a LedPart document is
 somewhat flaky.\par \tab \'95   Undo support is incomplete\par \tab \'95   Printing is WYSIWYG (shoul
d be sized to a page, and print multiple pages).\par \tab \'95   Text updating while typing
 is very slow (compare with LedIt! standalone application - its not Led, but som
ething I'm doing wrong OpenDoc specific with typing updating).\par \tab \'95   Newly droppe
d in embeddings don't get the appropriate shape all the time. And there is curre
ntly no way to resize embeddings (though if the embedding itself does a RequestS
hape() - that will work).\par \tab \'95   When dragging a frame, the frames aren't properly
 notified, so that they allow dropping on themselves (bad).\par \par \tab This LedIt! OpenDo
c part was written directly to the OpenDoc 1.0 API, and that has proved a poor a
pproach if you want support for embedding.\par \par \tab Please send all bug reports to info
-led@sophists.com.\par \par About Sophist Solutions, Inc:\par \tab Sophist Solutions is a softwa
re consulting company specializing in the design and implementation of object-or
iented systems, graphical user interfaces (MacIntosh, Windows, X-Windows) and cl
ient-server applications. \par \par \tab If you need further information please contact us a
t:\par \tab \tab EMail: \tab \tab info@sophists.com\par \tab \tab Web: \tab \tab http://www.sophists.com/\par }